hey guys so a lot of you may or may not
know that April is national grilled
cheese month and two of my all-time
favorite foods our grilled cheese
sandwich and the BLT so what happens if
you want both well I've come up with the
ultimate grilled cheese BLT so it's a
grilled cheese sandwich with a BLT stuff
- right in the middle of it if you want
to see how I took a spin on my two
favorites then just keep on watching so
on a pan over medium heat you just want
to start frying your bacon and I'm using
a thick cut Center applewood smoked
bacon you can use whatever you want
so just grill that until it becomes nice
and crispy and in the meantime all of
that is flying away I'm going to take
four pieces of bread I'm using potato
bread and you want to butter one side of
each piece of bread after you have the
bread buttered you just want to lay the
buttered side flat down on to a pan and
then you're gonna add your cheese and on
this one I'm adding a sharp cheddar
cheese and it's just a whole brick that
you can buy and I shredded it myself so
you want to add that to one of the
pieces and then again on the other side
and you can use whatever cheese you want
you can use how much you want it depends
on you so then you want to take your
other piece of bread with the butter
side up this time place it right on top
and then what I like to do is just put a
lid over so the cheese melts in the
middle
GUI once your cheese has melted you want
to flip the bread over and it's gonna
have these nice grill marks if you don't
have a pan with these like grill marks
hip things you can use a regular griddle
you can use whatever you want you just
want to make sure that you have your
heat on low just so difficult for and
get to brown on the outside before the
now what I like to do is turn the heat
off and just put a lid over it so it
seems just to make sure everything
inside is melted and now it's time to
assemble so you want to take one of your
sandwiches and I just put a little bit
of mayonnaise on one side I put down
some Tomatoes some lettuce and then you
want to add your bacon and assemble
everything how do you want me my avocado
you can add whatever you want the
creations are endless and after you have
your bacon on you want to top it with
the other top of that grilled cheese
sandwich press it down together and that
is what it looks like if you want to cut
this in and these you want to serve when
they're nice and hot so the cheese
Bewdley and melty out hope you guys like
this video and until next time bye guys